NAS-103099: Rewrite TrueNAS HA update instructions (#1550)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/system.rst

If the %brand% array has been configured for High Availability
(HA), the update process must be started on the active |ctrlr-term|.

%brand% downloads the update files to both |ctrlrs-term|, then updates

> and reboots the standby |ctrlr-term|. The %brand% user manually initates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and reboots the standby |ctrlr-term|. The %brand% user manually initiates
```

a :ref:`Failover` to activate the standby |ctrlr-term|. %brand%
completes the update process by installing the update on the previously
active |ctrlr-term|.

A dialog describing this process is shown when an HA update is started.
Clicking :guilabel:`CONTINUE` starts the update.

.. note:: Other users logged in to the |web-ui| are notified that an
   update is in progress and that the system will restart when the
   update is complete.

The standby |ctrlr-term| reboots after installing the update. This can
take several minutes. When the standby |ctrlr-term| is back online, a

> manual :ref:`Failover` is required continue the update process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manual :ref:`Failover` is required to continue the update process.
```

If the %brand% array has been configured for High Availability
(HA), the update process must be started on the active |ctrlr-term|.

> The update process is to download and synchronize the update files

Reviewer: "process is to" is ambiguous.  How about just a colon?  "The update process is: download and..."

> between both |ctrlrs-term|, update and reboot the standby |ctrlr-term|,

Reviewer: Not clear what "synchronize between" means.  I think this just means download the update files to both controllers.  That the update might do it for the user is, as they say, an implementation detail.

manually activate the standby |ctrlr-term|, then install the update on
the previously active |ctrlr-term|.

> Starting an HA update shows a dialog that explains this update process.

Reviewer: Redundant.
```suggestion
A dialog describing the process is shown when an HA update is started.
```

> To start the HA update, click :guilabel:`CONTINUE`. The update progress

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin the update, click :guilabel:`CONTINUE`.
```

> is shown.

Reviewer: Not needed.
```suggestion
```

> .. note:: Other users logged in to |web-ui| are shown a dialog

Reviewer: Needs an article:
```suggestion
.. note:: Other users logged in to the |web-ui| are shown that
```

>    explaining that an update is in progress and that the system will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   an update is in progress and that the system will
```

   restart when the update is complete.

The standby |ctrlr-term| reboots after installing the update. This can

> take some time. When it is back online, the |web-ui| asks the user to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
take several minutes. When the standby |ctrlr-term| is back online, a
```

> initiate a :ref:`Failover` to continue the update process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manual :ref:`Failover` is required to continue the update process.
```

.. figure:: images/truenas/system-update-ha-failover.png

> Continue the update by going to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start the failover by going to the
```

:menuselection:`Dashboard`
and clicking :guilabel:`INITIATE FAILOVER`. Wait for the :ref:`failover`

> process to finish and log back in to the |web-ui|. If the log in screen is

Reviewer: Adjective, one word.
s/log in/login/

not shown, enter the IP address of the previous standby |ctrlr-term|

> in the browser address bar and log in. The |ctrlr-term| that was

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the browser address bar and log in. The Dashboard shows that the formerly
```

> :guilabel:`(Standby)` is now shown as :guilabel:`(Active)` in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
standby |ctrlr-term| is now active.
```

> :menuselection:`Dashboard`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The now :guilabel:`(Standby)` |ctrlr-term| takes some time to come back

Reviewer: Not necessary to use guilabel markup on active and standby when referring to state rather than GUI elements.
```suggestion
The current standby |ctrlr-term| takes several minutes to come back
```

> online. When both |ctrlrs-term| are online and HA is available, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
online. When both |ctrlrs-term| are online and HA is available,
```

> |web-ui| shows a dialog to complete the pending upgrade.

Reviewer: Not necessary to tell what shows the dialog.
```suggestion
a dialog appears to complete the pending upgrade.
```

Author: This is ambiguous - does the reader see this as "a dialog might be completing the pending upgrade" or "a dialog appears and has an option to continue the upgrade"

.. figure:: images/truenas/system-update-ha-pending.png

> Click :guilabel:`CONTINUE` for %brand% to finish updating the standby

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click :guilabel:`CONTINUE` to finish updating the standby
```

|ctrlr-term|. The |ctrlr-term| reboots one more time. The update process
is complete when the standby |ctrlr-term| comes back online and the
:guilabel:`HA Enabled` icon appears in the top row of the |web-ui|. To
verify both |ctrlrs-term| are updated, go to the
:menuselection:`Dashboard`
and confirm the :guilabel:`Version` is identical for both the

> :guilabel:`(Active)` and :guilabel:`(Standby)` |ctrlrs-term|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
active and standby |ctrlrs-term|.
```

If the %brand% array has been configured for High Availability
(HA), the update process must be started on the active |ctrlr-term|.
The update process is to download and synchronize the update files
between both |ctrlrs-term|, update and reboot the standby |ctrlr-term|,

> manually activate the standby |ctrlr-term|, then install the update on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manually activate the standby |ctrlr-term| after the update has completed successfully, then install the update on
```

Author: This is already communicated by the previous phrase about updating and rebooting the standby |ctrlr-term|. To put another phrase here about after successful update is both redundant and confuses the order of events.

the previously active |ctrlr-term|.

> Starting an HA update shows a confirmation dialog that also explains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting an HA update shows a dialog that explains
```

this update process. To start the HA update, click :guilabel:`CONTINUE`.

> A dialog shows the progress of downloading, syncing, and installing the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The progress of downloading, syncing, and installing the
```

> update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
update is shown while the update takes place.
```

> .. note:: All other clients logged in to the system will see a dialog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: Other users logged in to the |web-ui| are shown a dialog
```

   explaining that an update is in progress and that the system will
   restart when the update is complete.

The standby |ctrlr-term| reboots after installing the update. This can

> take some time. When it is back online, the |web-ui| prompts to continue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
take some time. When it is back online, the |web-ui| asks whether
```

> the update process by initiating a :ref:`Failover`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a :ref:`Failover` should be initiated to continue the update process.
```

.. figure:: images/truenas/system-update-ha-failover.png

Continue the update by going to the
:menuselection:`Dashboard`
and clicking :guilabel:`INITIATE FAILOVER`. Wait for the :ref:`failover`

> process to finish and log back in to the |web-ui|. If log in screen is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
process to finish and log back in to the |web-ui|. If the log in screen is
```

> not shown, enter the IP address of the previously standby |ctrlr-term|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
not shown, enter the IP address of the previous standby |ctrlr-term|
```

> not shown, enter the IP address of the previous standby |ctrlr-term|

Reviewer: Should this be the VIP?

Author: Not necessarily. In testing, the user can use the VIP or the direct IP address of the controller. If you're using the VIP, the webui automatically takes you to the log in screen. If you're connected directly to the controller that went down, the screen shows the IP of the other controller as an option for connecting to the web ui. That is why it is written as a conditional sentence.
